Hello ! Which drink can I get for you ?
Which size ?
Would you like anything else with that ?
Great ! Can I take your name ? api_call getCustomerName
Have a nice day !
So that would be a small americano and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , David .
So that would be a large espresso macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kevin .
So that would be a large hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Angie .
So that would be a small green tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jennifer .
So that would be a large caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jensen .
So that would be a large breakfast tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Andrew .
So that would be a medium green tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Matthew .
So that would be a small breakfast tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Leighton .
So that would be a medium breakfast tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Anna .
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Sarah .
So that would be a medium black tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kaley .
So that would be a large latte and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kristen .
So that would be a large noisette . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Norman .
So that would be a large Earl Grey . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Angelina .
So that would be a small caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jeffrey .
So that would be a large cordusio . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Taylor .
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
So that would be a medium espresso . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Sandra .
So that would be a medium noisette and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Emily .
So that would be a small noisette . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Paul .
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Troian .
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Keri .
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Felicity .
So that would be a small cappuccino . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , John .
So that would be a large green tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jonny .
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Will .
So that would be a small Earl Grey . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Michael .
So that would be a small noisette and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lea .
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ariana .
So that would be a small white hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , AnnaLynne .
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Joshua .
So that would be a small americano . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , RuPaul .
Sure ! So that would be a large latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ryan .
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Matt .
So that would be a small black tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ed .
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Simon .
So that would be a small espresso and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Teri .
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ellen .
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Channing .
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Anne .
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , James .
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Cate .
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Charlize .
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Miles .
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Justin .
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kerry .
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Josh .
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a small latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jon .
So that would be a medium americano and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , America .
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Alyson .
So that would be a small hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jesse .
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Joel .
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large americano . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ginnifer .
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Leonardo .
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Robin .
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Julie .
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea . Is that right ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jessica .
So that would be a small espresso and a croissant . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Alison .
So that would be a large latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kodi .
So that would be a small espresso and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ty .
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Laura .
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Zoe .
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Cote .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jim .
So that would be a medium black tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ashley .
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a medium americano and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Robert .
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large black tea . Is that right ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Mireille .
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Zac .
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Chris .
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jane .
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Hugh .
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a croissant . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Melissa .
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Stephen .
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Charlie .
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Patrick .
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Mindy .
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Damian .
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kiefer .
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
So that would be a medium americano . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Chloe .
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Timothy .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Johnny .
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Roseanne .
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lena .
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Mark .
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Mayim .
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jake .
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small americano and a plain bagel again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Shane .
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Brad .
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Rachel .
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small green tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Noah .
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small noisette and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
So that would be a small cordusio . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Aaron .
So that would be a large americano and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small americano and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium mocha . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Clark .
So that would be a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Stana .
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jennette .
So that would be a medium mocha and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Mary-Louise .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Piper .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Penn .
So that would be a medium espresso and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Vera .
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Christina .
So that would be a small mocha . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kate .
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Tom .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ian .
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Joseph .
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jared .
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Shailene .
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Max .
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Karen .
So that would be a small flat white . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Alex .
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Christopher .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lana .
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Julianne .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Emilia .
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a small black tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Joelle .
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Eric .
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Cobie .
So that would be a large flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kat .
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Zachary .
So that would be a large green tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Megan .
So that would be a large green tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jeff .
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Neil .
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ming-Na .
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Julianna .
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Bryan .
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large espresso . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kunal .
So that would be a large cappuccino . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Eva .
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Gary .
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lisa .
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Gillian .
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Vincent .
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Zooey .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Tatiana .
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Marcia .
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Liam .
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Courteney .
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lucy .
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Amy .
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , January .
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Edie .
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Sara .
So that would be a small espresso . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette . Is that right ?
So that would be a large black tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Pauley .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Emma .
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Colin .
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Damon .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Helen .
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Blake .
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Connie .
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Misha .
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Joyce .
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Nina .
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Yvette .
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Heidi .
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Sofia .
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lauren .
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Elisabeth .
So that would be a medium latte and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Walton .
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Madeleine .
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large espresso and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Shay .
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium flat white . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Bruce .
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Cybill .
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Sasha .
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a small americano and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large flat white and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white . Is that right ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium latte . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato . Is that right ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small green tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small americano and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Steve .
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Bradley .
So that would be a short soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Busy .
So that would be a short peach iced tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Brooke .
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ted .
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Reginald .
So that would be a tall peach iced tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Hayden .
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Carey .
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Eddie .
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ron .
So that would be a tall iced cordusio . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Shelley .
So that would be a short bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall lemonade . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Poppy .
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a short lemonade . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short chai tea latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Christian .
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Sean .
So that would be a tall orange juice and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Terrence .
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Missy .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Suzanne .
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lily .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Grant .
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Victor .
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Seth .
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Cory .
So that would be a short orange juice . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Leslie .
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Chandra .
Sure ! So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Beth .
So that would be a tall bottle of water . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Reese .
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Chace .
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ansel .
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Marg .
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Laurie .
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Sophie .
Sure ! So that would be a tall peach iced tea . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Daniel .
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short soy latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Alexander .
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Scarlett .
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Claire .
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Scott .
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kyra .
So that would be a tall chai tea latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cordusio . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Deborah .
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Patricia .
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Gina .
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Danai .
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Russell .
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kathy .
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lindsay .
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Garrett .
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Chiwetel .
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Billy .
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Lyndsy .
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a tall soy latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Owen .
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jason .
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Rupert .
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Nicole .
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Tina .
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Maisie .
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Charlotte .
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and an egg sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Todd .
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Mads .
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Candice .
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Chandler .
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a granola bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ashton .
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Olga .
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Marion .
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Travis .
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Kit .
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced latte macchiato . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Jenna .
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Ewan .
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano . Is that right ?
Your order will be ready at the next counter , Fred .
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small latte and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a medium latte and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large latte and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small americano and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large latte and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small flat white and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio . Is that right ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a large black tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha . Is that right ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small latte and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso . Is that right ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large green tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small latte and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso . Is that right ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
So that would be a large flat white . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small green tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large noisette and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small americano and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a small latte and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a croissant again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a short lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte . Is that right ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade . Is that right ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte . Is that right ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short bottle of water . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short soy latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a vegan wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato . Is that right ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short bottle of water and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
I am terribly sorry ! May I take your name ? api_call getCustomerName
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Rachel .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Rachel ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Mindy .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Mindy ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Leonardo .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Leonardo ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Alyson .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Alyson ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jennifer .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jennifer ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Julie .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Julie ?
So that would be a large noisette and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
So that would be a large black tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jon .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jon ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a croissant again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Simon .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Simon ?
So that would be a large flat white and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jake .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jake ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Taylor .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Taylor ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Emily .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Emily ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Paul .
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mindy ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a small mocha and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Sandra .
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Mayim .
I thought you looked familiar , Mayim ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kristen .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Kristen ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jane .
I thought you looked familiar , Jane ! Would you like a large black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Teri .
I thought you looked familiar , Teri ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Robin .
I thought you looked familiar , Robin ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ginnifer .
I thought you looked familiar , Ginnifer ! Would you like a medium green tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Will .
I thought you looked familiar , Will ! Would you like a large cappuccino again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Johnny .
I thought you looked familiar , Johnny ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Rachel ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julie ! Would you like a large noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
So that would be a large mocha and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , RuPaul .
I thought you looked familiar , RuPaul ! Would you like a large noisette and a croissant again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Norman .
I thought you looked familiar , Norman ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , John .
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a large espresso again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Andrew .
I thought you looked familiar , Andrew ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , AnnaLynne .
I thought you looked familiar , AnnaLynne ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Joel .
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a large noisette again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Anna .
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a large cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kevin .
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a small cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Brad .
I thought you looked familiar , Brad ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Melissa .
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Charlie .
I thought you looked familiar , Charlie ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kodi .
I thought you looked familiar , Kodi ! Would you like a medium noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Zac .
I thought you looked familiar , Zac ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ariana .
I thought you looked familiar , Ariana ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Angie .
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a large noisette again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jessica .
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jensen .
I thought you looked familiar , Jensen ! Would you like a medium noisette again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Sarah .
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jonny .
I thought you looked familiar , Jonny ! Would you like a large espresso again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Aaron .
I thought you looked familiar , Aaron ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a large flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Felicity .
I thought you looked familiar , Felicity ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Noah .
I thought you looked familiar , Noah ! Would you like a medium green tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Chris .
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Alison .
I thought you looked familiar , Alison ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kiefer .
I thought you looked familiar , Kiefer ! Would you like a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , America .
I thought you looked familiar , America ! Would you like a small hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Shane .
I thought you looked familiar , Shane ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , David .
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Zoe .
I thought you looked familiar , Zoe ! Would you like a small mocha and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jon ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Chloe .
I thought you looked familiar , Chloe ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Channing .
I thought you looked familiar , Channing ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Taylor ! Would you like a small hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Hugh .
I thought you looked familiar , Hugh ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leonardo ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jim .
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a small latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Troian .
I thought you looked familiar , Troian ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jesse .
I thought you looked familiar , Jesse ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kristen ! Would you like a small noisette again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Timothy .
I thought you looked familiar , Timothy ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , James .
I thought you looked familiar , James ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Matthew .
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a large Earl Grey again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Cate .
I thought you looked familiar , Cate ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ed .
I thought you looked familiar , Ed ! Would you like a large espresso again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Mireille .
I thought you looked familiar , Mireille ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Patrick .
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a large Earl Grey again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kaley .
I thought you looked familiar , Kaley ! Would you like a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a large espresso again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Miles .
I thought you looked familiar , Miles ! Would you like a medium americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Mark .
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a small green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kerry .
I thought you looked familiar , Kerry ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Justin .
I thought you looked familiar , Justin ! Would you like a medium latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a small latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jim ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Michael .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Michael ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ryan .
I thought you looked familiar , Ryan ! Would you like a large mocha again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Clark .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Clark ?
So that would be a large mocha and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small latte and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lucy .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Lucy ?
So that would be a large black tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Karen .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Karen ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Joshua .
I thought you looked familiar , Joshua ! Would you like a large latte again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Kevin ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Josh .
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ming-Na .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Ming-Na ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lauren .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Lauren ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jennette .
I thought you looked familiar , Jennette ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Gary .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Gary ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ian .
I thought you looked familiar , Ian ! Would you like a medium espresso again ?
So that would be a small americano and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lana .
I thought you looked familiar , Lana ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a small americano again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Vera .
I thought you looked familiar , Vera ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Timothy ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Timothy ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Joseph .
I thought you looked familiar , Joseph ! Would you like a small latte again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Stana .
I thought you looked familiar , Stana ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Alex .
I thought you looked familiar , Alex ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ty .
I thought you looked familiar , Ty ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Zachary .
I thought you looked familiar , Zachary ! Would you like a small breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Cybill .
I thought you looked familiar , Cybill ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Misha .
I thought you looked familiar , Misha ! Would you like a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Emilia .
I thought you looked familiar , Emilia ! Would you like a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Liam .
I thought you looked familiar , Liam ! Would you like a small flat white again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Karen ! Would you like a large flat white again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Tatiana .
I thought you looked familiar , Tatiana ! Would you like a small americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Keri .
I thought you looked familiar , Keri ! Would you like a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lena .
I thought you looked familiar , Lena ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Clark ! Would you like a large mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Marcia .
I thought you looked familiar , Marcia ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ming-Na ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Max .
I thought you looked familiar , Max ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Bryan .
I thought you looked familiar , Bryan ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lucy ! Would you like a medium americano again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Elisabeth .
I thought you looked familiar , Elisabeth ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Roseanne .
I thought you looked familiar , Roseanne ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jake ! Would you like a small green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Walton .
I thought you looked familiar , Walton ! Would you like a large flat white again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Sara .
I thought you looked familiar , Sara ! Would you like a small black tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Courteney .
I thought you looked familiar , Courteney ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ellen .
I thought you looked familiar , Ellen ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Christina .
I thought you looked familiar , Christina ! Would you like a small noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Laura .
I thought you looked familiar , Laura ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Amy .
I thought you looked familiar , Amy ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Shay .
I thought you looked familiar , Shay ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ed ! Would you like a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a large black tea again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Damian .
I thought you looked familiar , Damian ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Damon .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Damon ?
So that would be a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large noisette and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Helen .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Helen ?
So that would be a large latte and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium latte and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small noisette and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small latte and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Piper .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Piper ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large mocha and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jessica ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Pauley .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Pauley ?
So that would be a medium black tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a doughnut . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a large espresso again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
So that would be a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a large latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Bryan ! Would you like a large cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Vincent .
I thought you looked familiar , Vincent ! Would you like a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Paul ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Tom .
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a small latte and a doughnut again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Sofia .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Sofia ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kate .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Kate ?
So that would be a large flat white and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Max ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a small cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Emma .
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large flat white and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , David ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kat .
I thought you looked familiar , Kat ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Walton ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lucy ! Would you like a large espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Amy ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a small americano again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Blake .
I thought you looked familiar , Blake ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Yvette .
I thought you looked familiar , Yvette ! Would you like a medium noisette again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Stephen .
I thought you looked familiar , Stephen ! Would you like a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Cote .
I thought you looked familiar , Cote ! Would you like a small black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Gillian .
I thought you looked familiar , Gillian ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Matt .
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Julianna .
I thought you looked familiar , Julianna ! Would you like a large mocha again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jon ! Would you like a large flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Bruce .
I thought you looked familiar , Bruce ! Would you like a small hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kunal .
I thought you looked familiar , Kunal ! Would you like a small cappuccino again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lea .
I thought you looked familiar , Lea ! Would you like a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Megan .
I thought you looked familiar , Megan ! Would you like a small flat white again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall orange juice . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Patricia .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Patricia ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Chris ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Marg .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Marg ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande lemonade . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a tall orange juice again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Leslie .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Leslie ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short chai tea latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Cory .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Cory ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short chai tea latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Alexander .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Alexander ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a fruit mix again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Melissa ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Scarlett .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Scarlett ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte . Is that right ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade . Is that right ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a fruit mix again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Missy .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Missy ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Hayden .
I thought you looked familiar , Hayden ! Would you like a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Mads .
I thought you looked familiar , Mads ! Would you like a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Carey .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Carey ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Beth .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Beth ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ted .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Ted ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Deborah .
I thought you looked familiar , Deborah ! Would you like a grande strawberry lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Todd .
I thought you looked familiar , Todd ! Would you like a short soy latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Chandra .
I thought you looked familiar , Chandra ! Would you like a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Owen .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Owen ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lily .
I thought you looked familiar , Lily ! Would you like a tall raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jason .
I thought you looked familiar , Jason ! Would you like a short peach iced tea and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Eddie .
I thought you looked familiar , Eddie ! Would you like a grande iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Laurie .
I thought you looked familiar , Laurie ! Would you like a tall pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Shelley .
I thought you looked familiar , Shelley ! Would you like a grande peach iced tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kyra .
I thought you looked familiar , Kyra ! Would you like a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Robert .
I thought you looked familiar , Robert ! Would you like a short raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a tall iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Grant .
I thought you looked familiar , Grant ! Would you like a tall cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Travis .
I thought you looked familiar , Travis ! Would you like a tall pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leslie ! Would you like a grande iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Sean .
I thought you looked familiar , Sean ! Would you like a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Marion .
I thought you looked familiar , Marion ! Would you like a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Sophie .
I thought you looked familiar , Sophie ! Would you like a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jason ! Would you like a short chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ewan .
I thought you looked familiar , Ewan ! Would you like a tall iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large flat white and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ariana ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lea ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small green tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a large cordusio and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , RuPaul ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Alison ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large latte and a croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ellen ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kodi ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Sarah ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a small americano and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kevin ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Alyson ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Emily ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Matthew ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Zoe ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kaley ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small americano and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Joel ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lena ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Angie ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Mindy ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large americano and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jim ?
So that would be a large noisette and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Mayim ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Channing ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Hugh ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , David ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Angelina ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kerry ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Chloe ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Patrick ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Brad ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Leighton ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Matt ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Melissa ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jensen ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , James ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Robin ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Andrew ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Cote ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small latte and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Johnny ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Felicity ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ryan ?
So that would be a small mocha and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Stephen ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Troian ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jake ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , AnnaLynne ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Miles ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ed ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Sandra ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jesse ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Mireille ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Aaron ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small latte and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , John ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kristen ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Paul ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jon ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Julie ?
So that would be a large americano and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large flat white and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ginnifer ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Charlize ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Simon ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jennifer ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Roseanne ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Keri ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Timothy ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Joshua ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Josh ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Chris ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jeffrey ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ty ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Mark ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Teri ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large mocha and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Laura ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Rachel ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Taylor ?
So that would be a small americano and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jessica ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small americano and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Anne ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kiefer ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Norman ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jonny ?
So that would be a medium latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Will ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , America ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Shane ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Damian ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Noah ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jane ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Cate ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Justin ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large americano and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Robert ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Charlie ?
So that would be a large americano and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ashley ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Anna ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Michael ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a croissant again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small americano and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small black tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Walton ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Vera ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Julianna ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Penn ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Cybill ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Emma ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Sara ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Marcia ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Courteney ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Eva ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Blake ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Karen ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
So that would be a large mocha and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Bruce ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Piper ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Gary ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small flat white and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Neil ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lucy ?
So that would be a small americano and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small black tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small americano and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kate ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Mary-Louise ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small latte and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Shailene ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Colin ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ming-Na ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium latte and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Sofia ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Zac ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Clark ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Alex ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Pauley ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Elisabeth ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Megan ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Bryan ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Joelle ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Cobie ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Tatiana ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Tom ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Max ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Joseph ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , January ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Christopher ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Zooey ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large latte and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lana ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small americano and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Yvette ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kunal ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jared ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Gillian ?
So that would be a small mocha and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Heidi ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Helen ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Amy ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small americano and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Sasha ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large americano and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small latte and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Vincent ?
So that would be a large green tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jeff ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small americano and a croissant again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jennette ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Edie ?
So that would be a large espresso and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Christina ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Joyce ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small latte and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a croissant again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Zachary ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a large flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large black tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small latte and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Connie ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Madeleine ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Misha ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a croissant again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small latte and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large noisette and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Eric ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Leonardo ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lauren ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small latte and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a croissant again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Damon ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ian ?
So that would be a medium latte and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Emilia ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Shay ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kat ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lisa ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Stana ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Liam ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a granola bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Daniel ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Cory ?
So that would be a short lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha . Is that right ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Scott ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Danai ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and an egg sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Reginald ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ansel ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Terrence ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Eddie ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kyra ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Owen ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Missy ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Leslie ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ron ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Scarlett ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Gina ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Grant ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a vegan wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Suzanne ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Sophie ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jason ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Maisie ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Chandra ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Christian ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Charlotte ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha . Is that right ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Garrett ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Beth ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Carey ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Reese ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Laurie ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Claire ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Chace ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and an egg sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Chiwetel ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a vegan wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Deborah ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Chandler ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Seth ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Marion ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Todd ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Steve ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Rupert ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lindsay ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ted ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Hayden ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Shelley ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Alexander ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Busy ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Bradley ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lily ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Billy ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Patricia ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ashton ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Nicole ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano . Is that right ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Lyndsy ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Travis ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kit ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
So that would be a small noisette and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
So that would be a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large noisette and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
So that would be a small americano and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
So that would be a large flat white and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small black tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small noisette and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small americano and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium black tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large green tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a large mocha and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a large mocha and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small flat white and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small green tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small green tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large black tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large black tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium latte and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large latte and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small mocha and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large noisette and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small americano and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small americano and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large black tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small espresso and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small flat white and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small latte and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a small noisette and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large flat white and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a small flat white and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
So that would be a large americano and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
So that would be a small latte and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a large latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small flat white and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short soy latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Aaron ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small mocha and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Laura ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joshua ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Mark ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Leighton .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Leighton ?
So that would be a large americano and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Anne .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Anne ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ariana ! Would you like a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kiefer ! Would you like a small breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anne ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small green tea and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kerry ! Would you like a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a medium espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mayim ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alison ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a large green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small noisette and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Hugh ! Would you like a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , RuPaul ! Would you like a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ellen ! Would you like a large Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Andrew ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , James ! Would you like a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leonardo ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a medium americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a croissant again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leighton ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , John ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ginnifer ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ariana ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jake ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chloe ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Keri ! Would you like a medium green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a large latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cote ! Would you like a medium mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Teri ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a croissant again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a croissant again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Channing ! Would you like a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cate ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ty ! Would you like a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Miles ! Would you like a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mireille ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a large flat white and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Miles ! Would you like a small flat white and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a small noisette and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ginnifer ! Would you like a small black tea and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Will ! Would you like a small espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a small black tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a large cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alyson ! Would you like a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Keri ! Would you like a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leighton ! Would you like a large americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a small black tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jensen ! Would you like a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a small black tea again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jon ! Would you like a small latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Johnny ! Would you like a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a medium flat white and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a medium americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mindy ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a small green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Robert ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlie ! Would you like a small mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a small hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Charlize .
I thought you looked familiar , Charlize ! Would you like a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Zoe ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Noah ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kiefer ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Bruce ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kaley ! Would you like a medium noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jane ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leonardo ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jon ! Would you like a medium mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a doughnut again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Angelina .
I thought you looked familiar , Angelina ! Would you like a large espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a croissant again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Julianne .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Julianne ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a small latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Laura ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Laura ! Would you like a large latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jeff .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jeff ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a small noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kiefer ! Would you like a medium espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jon ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Felicity ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jensen ! Would you like a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kerry ! Would you like a large black tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Nina ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Bruce ! Would you like a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small americano and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a small flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Zachary ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlize ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Justin ! Would you like a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Lana ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lena ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jonny ! Would you like a large black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kaley ! Would you like a small mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a medium mocha and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sofia ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a small noisette again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Eva .
I thought you looked familiar , Eva ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Clark ! Would you like a large flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sara ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a large americano again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a large espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jared .
I thought you looked familiar , Jared ! Would you like a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a medium espresso and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a large green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a croissant . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mireille ! Would you like a small cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Edie .
I thought you looked familiar , Edie ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Yvette ! Would you like a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Joelle .
I thought you looked familiar , Joelle ! Would you like a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kunal ! Would you like a large latte again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Julianne ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Eric .
I thought you looked familiar , Eric ! Would you like a large espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Christina ! Would you like a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Felicity ! Would you like a large hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Stana ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large americano and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a medium cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a small americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Penn .
I thought you looked familiar , Penn ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mayim ! Would you like a small green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julianna ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a large breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Roseanne ! Would you like a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large green tea and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Miles ! Would you like a small latte and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mayim ! Would you like a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kat ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a large noisette and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Zac ! Would you like a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Miles ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large green tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a large espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Zooey .
I thought you looked familiar , Zooey ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Marcia ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a medium americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Laura ! Would you like a small green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Brad ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jonny ! Would you like a large latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Zachary ! Would you like a small cappuccino again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julianne ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Walton ! Would you like a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a croissant again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large americano and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Misha ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a large cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a large latte and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a large noisette and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlie ! Would you like a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Liam ! Would you like a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Sasha .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Sasha ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a croissant again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Vincent ! Would you like a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Zooey ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ryan ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ashley .
I thought you looked familiar , Ashley ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large espresso and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a plain bagel again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Shay ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lisa .
I thought you looked familiar , Lisa ! Would you like a large noisette and a croissant again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jesse ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jesse ! Would you like a large americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jake ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a large latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joseph ! Would you like a medium black tea again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jon ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , AnnaLynne ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Edie ! Would you like a large flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Stana ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Madeleine .
I thought you looked familiar , Madeleine ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large latte and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small latte and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Norman ! Would you like a medium flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a small green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Shane ! Would you like a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a large cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a large latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a medium black tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small noisette and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ellen ! Would you like a large hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Damon ! Would you like a large mocha again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jared ! Would you like a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Joyce .
I thought you looked familiar , Joyce ! Would you like a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alex ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a small flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Damian ! Would you like a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sofia ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Christopher .
I thought you looked familiar , Christopher ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ariana ! Would you like a medium mocha and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Timothy ! Would you like a small americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alison ! Would you like a medium latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium americano and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lucy ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a large americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lena ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a doughnut . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Rachel ! Would you like a small latte again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , James ! Would you like a small cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kaley ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Eva ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kodi ! Would you like a small black tea again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kat ! Would you like a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angelina ! Would you like a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Bruce ! Would you like a large Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jensen ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sara ! Would you like a medium black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a medium americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Piper ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jeff ! Would you like a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a large noisette again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Colin .
I thought you looked familiar , Colin ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lana ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large americano and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Chandler .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Chandler ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Danai .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Danai ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Mads ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Billy .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Billy ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Sean ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Shelley ! Would you like a tall bottle of water and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jenna .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jenna ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a fruit mix again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Tina ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Chace .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Chace ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patricia ! Would you like a short iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short bottle of water and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short soy latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jason ! Would you like a short iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chandra ! Would you like a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Russell ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Reese .
I thought you looked familiar , Reese ! Would you like a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lindsay .
I thought you looked familiar , Lindsay ! Would you like a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Olga .
I thought you looked familiar , Olga ! Would you like a grande iced coffee mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lisa ! Would you like a tall orange juice and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kat ! Would you like a tall iced coffee mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Seth .
I thought you looked familiar , Seth ! Would you like a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Sean ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a grande iced latte macchiato and a granola bar again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Gina .
I thought you looked familiar , Gina ! Would you like a tall raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Victor ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Busy .
I thought you looked familiar , Busy ! Would you like a short iced salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ansel .
I thought you looked familiar , Ansel ! Would you like a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Terrence .
I thought you looked familiar , Terrence ! Would you like a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Fred .
I thought you looked familiar , Fred ! Would you like a tall iced cordusio and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Fred ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a salted caramel brownie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Missy ! Would you like a short soy latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Laurie ! Would you like a short bottle of water and a vegan wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall orange juice and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Suzanne .
I thought you looked familiar , Suzanne ! Would you like a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Rupert .
I thought you looked familiar , Rupert ! Would you like a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Travis ! Would you like a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Candice ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a vegan wrap again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Jenna ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Poppy .
I thought you looked familiar , Poppy ! Would you like a grande lemonade again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a short iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Ashton .
I thought you looked familiar , Ashton ! Would you like a short salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a tall cinnamon latte and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium noisette and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Kodi ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
So that would be a small flat white and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Anna ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a large espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Justin ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mireille ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a croissant again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Jeffrey .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jeffrey ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a large mocha and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Felicity ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Sarah ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Mayim ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small americano and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leonardo ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Robert ! Would you like a large hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jonny ! Would you like a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a medium black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mayim ! Would you like a small flat white again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cote ! Would you like a large black tea again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ellen ! Would you like a medium black tea again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Johnny ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small americano and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a large black tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Channing ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Stephen ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Felicity ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alison ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium noisette and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anne ! Would you like a medium black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a large espresso again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kaley ! Would you like a small mocha again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chloe ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Timothy ! Would you like a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kerry ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jonny ! Would you like a medium cordusio again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Channing ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Teri ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Shane ! Would you like a medium americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ariana ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Brad ! Would you like a small americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a medium latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lena ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a doughnut . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jesse ! Would you like a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Troian ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a small breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jane ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small latte and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jeffrey ! Would you like a small noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alyson ! Would you like a small americano and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kristen ! Would you like a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium mocha and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jesse ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ty ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small noisette and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Damian ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lea ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a large hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a large americano and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium americano and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large green tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Hugh ! Would you like a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , RuPaul ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Laura ! Would you like a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mindy ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a small black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small americano and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ed ! Would you like a small noisette and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Yvette ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cybill ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a doughnut . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Matthew ?
I thought you looked familiar , Andrew ! Would you like a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julie ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Neil .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Neil ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jensen ! Would you like a large mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lana ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Heidi .
I thought you looked familiar , Heidi ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leighton ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Eric ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Christina ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Penn ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Mary-Louise .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Mary-Louise ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Neil ! Would you like a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ming-Na ! Would you like a medium noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mireille ! Would you like a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Marcia ! Would you like a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Nina .
I thought you looked familiar , Nina ! Would you like a large black tea again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a small green tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kate ! Would you like a large espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Christina ! Would you like a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patrick ! Would you like a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ian ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cappuccino and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jeff ! Would you like a medium black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Bryan ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
So that would be a small black tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Megan ! Would you like a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Justin ! Would you like a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Keri ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Madeleine ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sara ! Would you like a small espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Nina ! Would you like a small mocha again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ashley ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sofia ! Would you like a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Channing ! Would you like a small flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Christina ! Would you like a large black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium americano and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lauren ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lisa ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlize ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Madeleine ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a medium flat white again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a large noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Joseph ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jared ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a doughnut . Is that right ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Sara ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Karen ! Would you like a large noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kate ! Would you like a large latte again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Vera ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angelina ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Stephen ! Would you like a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ashley ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Yvette ! Would you like a large flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
So that would be a small noisette and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Stephen ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a small americano and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jake ! Would you like a large espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cate ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Zooey ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ian ! Would you like a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Tom ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Stana ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a small flat white again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , James ! Would you like a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kodi ! Would you like a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Vera ! Would you like a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Elisabeth ! Would you like a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a large noisette again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kiefer ! Would you like a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a large flat white again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large latte and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Noah ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alex ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jake ! Would you like a small peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tatiana ! Would you like a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Roseanne ! Would you like a small flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , America ! Would you like a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlie ! Would you like a medium black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Norman ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Blake ! Would you like a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ryan ! Would you like a small latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a croissant again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Christopher ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Helen ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
So that would be a large noisette and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ed ! Would you like a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Eddie ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Brooke .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Brooke ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Chandra ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kathy .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Kathy ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kathy ! Would you like a tall orange juice again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Reese ! Would you like a tall peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a granola bar again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , James ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Terrence ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Hayden ! Would you like a tall pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Seth ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Seth ! Would you like a grande iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lisa ! Would you like a tall iced coffee americano again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kathy ! Would you like a short soy latte again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Scarlett ! Would you like a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Claire .
I thought you looked familiar , Claire ! Would you like a tall iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Reginald .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Reginald ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a short lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Poppy ! Would you like a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alexander ! Would you like a tall lemonade again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Poppy ! Would you like a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Travis ! Would you like a short peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Reginald ! Would you like a short iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Josh ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Victor .
I thought you looked familiar , Victor ! Would you like a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chace ! Would you like a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Russell .
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Russell ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Olga ! Would you like a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Patricia ! Would you like a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Eric ! Would you like a short iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , James ! Would you like a short iced caramel macchiato and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chandler ! Would you like a tall orange juice again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Chiwetel .
I thought you looked familiar , Chiwetel ! Would you like a grande lemonade and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a granola bar . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Rupert ! Would you like a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Olga ! Would you like a grande iced coffee americano and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jesse ! Would you like a short iced coffee americano and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sean ! Would you like a grande iced cordusio again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Kit .
I thought you looked familiar , Kit ! Would you like a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Rupert ! Would you like a grande iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Beth ! Would you like a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Amy ! Would you like a short salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a tall peach iced tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Megan ! Would you like a tall strawberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Fred ! Would you like a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lily ! Would you like a tall lemonade again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short chai tea latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ewan ! Would you like a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small americano and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
So that would be a small white hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
So that would be a small flat white and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium cordusio and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large noisette and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large Earl Grey and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small americano and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small green tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a croissant again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso con panna and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
So that would be a large latte and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a croissant again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
So that would be a medium latte and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a large flat white and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a small caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small latte and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small breakfast tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
So that would be a medium espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a medium americano and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
So that would be a large americano and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small noisette and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large americano and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a small americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small flat white and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a small hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large espresso and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a medium americano and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
So that would be a medium black tea and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large mocha and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small latte and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
So that would be a small black tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large latte and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large green tea and a blueberry oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a pain au chocolat . Is that right ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a large latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
So that would be a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
So that would be a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small latte and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short bottle of water and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Kathy ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Lily James ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a granola bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a cheese toastie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Marg ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a tall orange juice and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Olga ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and an egg sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Ewan ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short bottle of water and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a lemon cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short orange juice again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a chocolate brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short bottle of water and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a granola bar again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short chai tea latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande strawberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Alright ! Which drink can I get for you , Brooke ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a grande bottle of water and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a granola bar again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Kiefer ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , AnnaLynne ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate again ?
So that would be a large green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Will ! Would you like a medium Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Aaron ! Would you like a large mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julie ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Cote ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angelina ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Cate ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
So that would be a small latte and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium latte and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ellen ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leighton ! Would you like a small mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Chloe ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
So that would be a small espresso con panna and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large flat white and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Channing ! Would you like a small noisette again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , America ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlie ! Would you like a medium noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Justin ! Would you like a small flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a small mocha again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small espresso macchiato and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large green tea and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Andrew ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Taylor ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small americano and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Troian ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ashley ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a medium latte and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Alyson ! Would you like a large americano again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mindy ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large mocha and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a small latte and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlize ! Would you like a small breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium black tea and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Channing ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a large latte again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Keri ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Justin ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large green tea and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kristen ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cote ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Ashley Benson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a carrot cake again ?
So that would be a medium mocha and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kaley ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kaley ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium white hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a doughnut again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jessica ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large mocha and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Troian ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Felicity ! Would you like a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a small green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chloe ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Rachel ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Noah ! Would you like a small latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ed ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ed ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlie ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Noah ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , RuPaul ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Will ! Would you like a medium americano again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlize ! Would you like a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a small latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Laura ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Leonardo ! Would you like a medium latte and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Rachel ! Would you like a small espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jake ! Would you like a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Roseanne ! Would you like a large cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Roseanne ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Laura Linney ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mindy ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , America ! Would you like a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sarah ! Would you like a small peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlie ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small americano and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
So that would be a medium Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Teri ! Would you like a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anne ! Would you like a small mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cote ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a small cordusio and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a small black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a large cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Timothy ! Would you like a medium green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ryan ! Would you like a large flat white again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a medium black tea again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joshua ! Would you like a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Teri ! Would you like a large hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small americano and an almond croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jensen ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ty ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Ellen Pompeo ! Would you like to have a large latte and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kerry ! Would you like a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jesse ! Would you like a small mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a small mocha again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Simon Baker ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cappuccino and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small black tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Hugh ! Would you like a small noisette again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Miles ! Would you like a small espresso again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Hugh ! Would you like a small americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Marcia ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a large noisette again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julianne ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kerry ! Would you like a large breakfast tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Walton ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Alison Brie ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small black tea again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Damian ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large espresso con panna and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Smith ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jake ! Would you like a small noisette and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Stephen ! Would you like a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a small mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emilia ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mireille ! Would you like a large black tea again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , John ! Would you like a large flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lea ! Would you like a large flat white and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lena ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Zac Efron ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a medium hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Bryan ?
So that would be a large espresso and a double chocolate muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Megan ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large americano and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a large americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jim ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lauren ! Would you like a medium americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angelina ! Would you like a medium americano and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small americano and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Robert ! Would you like a small green tea again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Stephen ! Would you like a small breakfast tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlize ! Would you like a small americano again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Stana Katic ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cappuccino and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a large Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a large americano and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small americano and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a doughnut . Is that right ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ariana ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large latte and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ian ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Julianna Margulies ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a small latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lauren ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small green tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a croissant again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ty ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Christopher ! Would you like a large americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Angie ! Would you like a small americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joshua ! Would you like a small green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Troian ! Would you like a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lea ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Michael ! Would you like a medium cordusio again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Madeleine ! Would you like a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small mocha and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Eva ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a croissant again ?
So that would be a large mocha and a plain bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Lena Dunham ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Helen ! Would you like a small white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small latte and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Eric ! Would you like a small flat white again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Lawrence ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lea ! Would you like a medium cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a large americano and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cybill ! Would you like a large latte again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Heidi ! Would you like a medium caramel macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joelle ! Would you like a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sofia ! Would you like a large espresso again ?
So that would be a medium hot chocolate and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a large espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a small breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a large iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
So that would be a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal . Is that right ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Andrew ! Would you like a large espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a medium mocha again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a large green tea and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Misha ! Would you like a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a medium americano and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Nina ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kunal ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Will ! Would you like a large green tea again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Timothy Olyphant ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a croissant again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , James Spader ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Colin ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
So that would be a medium green tea and an everything bagel . Is that right ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Johnny ! Would you like a small espresso con panna again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Sandra Oh ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a small americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
So that would be a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small americano and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tatiana ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kunal ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Cybill ! Would you like a medium latte and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jeff ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a croissant again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large latte again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a chocolate caramel shortbread . Is that right ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins again ?
So that would be a large cordusio and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large latte and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Damon ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a medium espresso and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Yvette ! Would you like a small breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Madeleine Stowe ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a croissant again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennifer ! Would you like a small mocha and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Edie ! Would you like a medium green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jensen Ackles ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lucy ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small americano and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Tatiana Maslany ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ginnifer ! Would you like a large cappuccino again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Jennette ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
So that would be a large americano and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large cordusio and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium cordusio and a blueberry muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a small espresso and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jesse Tyler Ferguson ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ariana ! Would you like a large flat white and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Cote de Pablo ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Gillian ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a large noisette and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large iced hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joyce ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Teri ! Would you like a medium black tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a medium noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a large americano and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Rachel Bilson ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small latte and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Neil ! Would you like a large breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Lisa ?
I thought you looked familiar , Gary ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jeff ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Jeff Bridges ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Cobie Smulders ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Aaron Paul ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jennette ! Would you like a medium latte again ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emilia ! Would you like a medium cordusio again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ed ! Would you like a small cordusio and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Lauren Cohan ! Would you like to have a medium black tea again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Shane West ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a croissant again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mark Wahlberg ! Would you like to have a large latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Matt Bomer ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Sarah Michelle Gellar ! Would you like to have a small mocha and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Christina Hendricks ! Would you like to have a medium iced hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Joshua Jackson ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large caramel macchiato and a carrot cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julianna ! Would you like a medium espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Joyce DeWitt ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , James ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a doughnut again ?
Hello , James Franco ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Damian Lewis ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Robert Pattinson ! Would you like to have a medium hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large black tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Edie ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lisa ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a large mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Charlie Hunnam ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jeffrey Donovan ! Would you like to have a large latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Michael Weatherly ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kevin ! Would you like a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Nina Dobrev ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a large cordusio again ?
Hello , Norman Reedus ! Would you like to have a small flat white and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Megan Boone ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Stephen Moyer ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Nina ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , January .
I thought you looked familiar , January ! Would you like a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennette McCurdy ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a croissant again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Clark Gregg ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chris ! Would you like a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Christopher Gorham ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Heidi Klum ! Would you like to have a large espresso again ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Caviezel ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Vincent Kartheiser ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Kaley Cuoco ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a medium breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Courteney Cox ! Would you like to have a large black tea and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Roseanne ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Ed O'Neill ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a large flat white again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lucy ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Anne Hathaway ! Would you like to have a large latte and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ming-Na ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Jared Padalecki ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Gary Coleman ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium flat white and a chocolate chip muffin . Is that right ?
Hello , John Ritter ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino again ?
I thought you looked familiar , AnnaLynne ! Would you like a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jared ! Would you like a large noisette and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Mireille Enos ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Noah Wyle ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jeff ! Would you like a small latte again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Kevin Bacon ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
So that would be a large americano and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Chloe Grace Moretz ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Kevin McKidd ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Shailene Woodley ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Shay ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Mark ! Would you like a medium green tea again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emilia ! Would you like a large hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ginnifer Goodwin ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large Earl Grey and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , RuPaul ! Would you like a large latte again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a doughnut again ?
So that would be a large breakfast tea and a pain aux raisins . Is that right ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small latte and a double chocolate muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joseph ! Would you like a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Patrick Dempsey ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large americano and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , January Jones ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Stephen Amell ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Melissa Joan Hart ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sasha ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Keri Russell ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Michael Hall ! Would you like to have a large latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Teri Hatcher ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Channing ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Robin Tunney ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kerry ! Would you like a medium white hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Shay Mitchell ! Would you like to have a small latte and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew McConaughey ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Cobie .
I thought you looked familiar , Cobie ! Would you like a small cappuccino again ?
Hello , Miles Teller ! Would you like to have a small breakfast tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Chris Colfer ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , David ! Would you like a medium cappuccino and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Sasha Alexander ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Connie .
I thought you looked familiar , Connie ! Would you like a large hot chocolate and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Angie Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Jane Lynch ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Courteney ! Would you like a medium cordusio and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joel McHale ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a large breakfast tea and a veggie tortilla wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a medium green tea and a lemon pound cake . Is that right ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Damon Wayans Jr . ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Lucy Liu ! Would you like to have a large latte and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Tom Hiddleston ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Neil Patrick Harris ! Would you like to have a large americano and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matthew ! Would you like a medium black tea and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , David Schwimmer ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Matthew Morrison ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Mark Ruffalo ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Heidi ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , David Giuntoli ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Amy Poehler ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Piper Perabo ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium flat white again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a large flat white and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Emily Blunt ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Anna ! Would you like a large americano again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Ryan Gosling ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Ming-Na Wen ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Kiefer Sutherland ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Tom Mison ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , John Slattery ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Blake ?
Hello , Paul Wesley ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Jon Cryer ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Ian Somerhalder ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a small flat white again ?
Hello , Kristen Stewart ! Would you like to have a large latte and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Eric Stonestreet ! Would you like to have a small americano again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Gary ! Would you like a small breakfast tea again ?
Hello , John Noble ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Helen Hunt ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Ariana Grande ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Emilia Clarke ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Vincent ! Would you like a large caramel macchiato and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kat Dennings ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Vera Farmiga ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Angelina Jolie ! Would you like to have a medium americano again ?
Hello , Joel Kinnaman ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
Hello , Mayim Bialik ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Cate Blanchett ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Zachary Levi ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a blueberry muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Elisabeth ! Would you like a medium latte and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a medium espresso con panna and a carrot cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Gillian ! Would you like a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Ty Burrell ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Ed Westwick ! Would you like to have a medium white hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Connie Britton ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Joel ! Would you like a medium cappuccino and a croissant again ?
Hello , Jim Parsons ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Liam Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Julianne ! Would you like a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , David Boreanaz ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sandra ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a medium latte and a croissant again ?
Hello , Justin Chambers ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a large latte and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Karen Gillan ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jane ! Would you like a large white hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a large black tea again ?
Hello , Jessica Pare ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large breakfast tea and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Charlize ! Would you like a small Earl Grey and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Sara Ramirez ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jon Hamm ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Carpenter ! Would you like to have a small flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Julianne Moore ! Would you like to have a large cappuccino again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Lisa Kudrow ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jessica Capshaw ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Marcia Cross ! Would you like to have a large salted caramel hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emma Roberts ! Would you like to have a small americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Colin O'Donoghue ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Anna Paquin ! Would you like to have a medium Earl Grey and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Morrison ! Would you like to have a small espresso again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a small noisette and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a large americano and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Simon Helberg ! Would you like to have a medium noisette again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a large green tea and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Lana Parrilla ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Felicity Huffman ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Blake Lively ! Would you like to have a large green tea again ?
Hello , Kunal Nayyar ! Would you like to have a large espresso and a croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a small cappuccino and a pain au chocolat again ?
Hello , Jonny Lee Miller ! Would you like to have a small mocha and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jennifer Garner ! Would you like to have a large americano again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Gillian Jacobs ! Would you like to have a large peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Roseanne Barr ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Pauley Perrette ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , David Duchovny ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Josh Dallas ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Kodi Smit-McPhee ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Alex O'Loughlin ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Max Greenfield ! Would you like to have a small noisette again ?
Hello , Zoe Saldana ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a pain aux raisins again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Pauley ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Chris Hemsworth ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Elisabeth Moss ! Would you like to have a large black tea and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Hugh Laurie ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a slice of banana bread again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Misha ! Would you like a small cordusio again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Edie Falco ! Would you like to have a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Andrew Lincoln ! Would you like to have a large cordusio and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Anna Torv ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Will Smith ! Would you like to have a small hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Timothy Hutton ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large espresso macchiato and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a small green tea again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Melissa McBride ! Would you like to have a small caramel macchiato and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Josh Radnor ! Would you like to have a medium espresso macchiato and a classic oatmeal again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Elisabeth ! Would you like a small americano again ?
Hello , Julie Bowen ! Would you like to have a small latte and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Leonardo DiCaprio ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a gingerbread cookie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a small espresso con panna and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Walton Goggins ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Bryan Cranston ! Would you like to have a medium latte again ?
Hello , Lucy Hale ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Sofia ! Would you like a small peppermint hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Penn Badgley ! Would you like to have a small black tea and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a croissant again ?
Hello , Joelle Carter ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a slice of banana bread again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Charlize Theron ! Would you like to have a large latte and a pain aux raisins again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a small Earl Grey again ?
Hello , Michael Emerson ! Would you like to have a medium flat white and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a medium espresso and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large espresso con panna and a blueberry oatmeal again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Brad Pitt ! Would you like to have a small latte and a plain bagel again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Zooey ! Would you like a large espresso macchiato and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Johnny Depp ! Would you like to have a large mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Timothy ! Would you like a small caramel macchiato and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Tom Welling ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Jake Gyllenhaal ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Leighton Meester ! Would you like to have a medium cordusio and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large iced hot chocolate and a veggie tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Emily VanCamp ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Yvette Nicole Brown ! Would you like to have a large caramel macchiato and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Joseph Gordon-Levitt ! Would you like to have a small salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Tom ! Would you like a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Jennifer Aniston ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea again ?
Hello , Bruce Willis ! Would you like to have a medium green tea again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Matt ! Would you like a large hot chocolate again ?
Hello , AnnaLynne McCord ! Would you like to have a small black tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Troian Bellisario ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , America Ferrera ! Would you like to have a medium breakfast tea and a carrot cake again ?
Hello , Kevin Costner ! Would you like to have a large mocha and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a medium peppermint hot chocolate and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large flat white and a breakfast tortilla wrap again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Matthew Rhys ! Would you like to have a medium salted caramel hot chocolate again ?
Hello , Matthew Perry ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Channing Tatum ! Would you like to have a small iced hot chocolate and a double chocolate muffin again ?
Hello , Sofia Vergara ! Would you like to have a large hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , RuPaul ! Would you like a medium iced hot chocolate and an almond croissant again ?
Hello , Jessica Chastain ! Would you like to have a small espresso and a classic oatmeal again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a small white hot chocolate and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Kate Walsh ! Would you like to have a large white hot chocolate and a lemon pound cake again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a small espresso con panna and a chocolate chip muffin again ?
Hello , Mindy Kaling ! Would you like to have a medium black tea and a croissant again ?
Hello , Zooey Deschanel ! Would you like to have a small green tea and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Misha Collins ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a chocolate chip cookie again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a large americano and an everything bagel again ?
Hello , Mark Harmon ! Would you like to have a medium mocha and an almond croissant again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emily ! Would you like a medium espresso macchiato again ?
Hello , Jake Johnson ! Would you like to have a large noisette and a gingerbread cookie again ?
Hello , Kerry Washington ! Would you like to have a medium noisette and a doughnut again ?
Hello , Eva Longoria ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a lemon pound cake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Zac ! Would you like a small americano again ?
Hello , Sarah Wayne Callies ! Would you like to have a medium green tea and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Mary-Louise Parker ! Would you like to have a small cappuccino and a chocolate caramel shortbread again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a small americano and a blueberry muffin again ?
Hello , Lea Michele ! Would you like to have a small cordusio and a plain bagel again ?
Hello , Cybill Shepherd ! Would you like to have a medium espresso again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short soy latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande orange juice and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Poppy Montgomery ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Chiwetel Ejiofor ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Bell ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced latte macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Hayden ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cordusio and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Suzanne ! Would you like a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Seth ! Would you like a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall peach iced tea and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jenna ! Would you like a short iced salted caramel mocha and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Laurie Holden ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short cinnamon latte and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Taylor Schilling ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Suzanne ! Would you like a tall lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Jason Segel ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Scott .
I thought you looked familiar , Scott ! Would you like a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande raspberry lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a short soy latte again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Deborah ?
Hello , Emma Stone ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Lisa Whelchel ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Charlotte Rae ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Chris O'Donnell ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , David Spade ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Rupert ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Amy ! Would you like a tall orange juice and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ted ! Would you like a short soy latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Ted Danson ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a tall iced coffee americano and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Reginald ! Would you like a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chiwetel ! Would you like a short iced salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Marg Helgenberger ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Nicole Kidman ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a fruit mix again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced coffee americano and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Matt Damon ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Brooke ! Would you like a short raspberry lemonade and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Jason Bateman ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chace ! Would you like a grande peach iced tea and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Leslie Mann ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Charlotte .
I thought you looked familiar , Charlotte ! Would you like a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a fruit mix again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Russell ! Would you like a tall lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Candice King ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie again ?
It seems to be your first time here ! Which drink would you like to have , Travis ?
Hello , Emma Watson ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a grande salted caramel mocha and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sophie Turner ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Alyson Hannigan ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a chocolate brownie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Marion ! Would you like a grande iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a grande cinnamon latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Simon Pegg ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a chocolate brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
So that would be a short peach iced tea and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee americano and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Russell ! Would you like a grande chai tea latte and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall iced cordusio and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Terrence Howard ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Claire Danes ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kyra ! Would you like a tall orange juice again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a lemon cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Seth Rogen ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Reginald VelJohnson ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Cory Monteith ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Scarlett Johansson ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Grant ! Would you like a tall strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Chace Crawford ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Russell Brand ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall strawberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short strawberry lemonade and an egg sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Eddie Redmayne ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Emily Deschanel ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kristen ! Would you like a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a grande lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Reese Witherspoon ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Victor ! Would you like a short lemonade and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short chai tea latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Brooke Elliott ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Fred Armisen ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short orange juice and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short orange juice and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande orange juice and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , John Cusack ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Ansel Elgort ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Amy Brenneman ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Marion Cotillard ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kristen Wiig ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Missy Peregrym ! Would you like to have a tall soy latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Seth ! Would you like a grande orange juice and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandler Riggs ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a short lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a granola bar . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Simon ! Would you like a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Eddie McClintock ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Missy ! Would you like a tall salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , James Roday ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ansel ! Would you like a grande raspberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Paul Rudd ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced salted caramel mocha and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee mocha and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice again ?
Hello , Michael Fassbender ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande soy latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Christian Kane ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Lindsay Lohan ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Deborah Ann Woll ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short soy latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Anna Gunn ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a vegan wrap again ?
So that would be a grande iced cordusio and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Suzanne Somers ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Patricia Arquette ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a fruit mix again ?
So that would be a tall salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a short iced cordusio and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Gina ! Would you like a short bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Josh Charles ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Megan Fox ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande bottle of water and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jenna Coleman ! Would you like to have a short iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a strawberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall chai tea latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Sean Murray ! Would you like to have a grande orange juice and a salted caramel brownie again ?
So that would be a grande peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
So that would be a short cinnamon latte and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato again ?
So that would be a short bottle of water and a cheese toastie . Is that right ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a short soy latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte again ?
Hello , Kyra Sedgwick ! Would you like to have a tall orange juice again ?
So that would be a tall peach iced tea and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a tall raspberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Travis Fimmel ! Would you like to have a grande strawberry lemonade again ?
So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Ewan McGregor ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a short iced latte macchiato and a dark chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall lemonade again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall cinnamon latte and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Jason Sudeikis ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a granola bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Ewan ! Would you like a tall chai tea latte and a dark chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Anna Kendrick ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a grande pumpkin spice latte and a cinnamon swirl again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall pumpkin spice latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Mads Mikkelsen ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a grande peach iced tea and a granola bar again ?
Hello , Michael Vartan ! Would you like to have a grande lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a short lemonade and a tomato and mozzarella panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
So that would be a tall bottle of water and a milk chocolate bar . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall bottle of water and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
I thought you looked familiar , Jason ! Would you like a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a short chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Kathy Bates ! Would you like to have a short iced cordusio and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a short lemonade again ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a tall bottle of water and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a tall salted caramel mocha and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Grant Gustin ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Ashton Kutcher ! Would you like to have a short orange juice and a lemon cheesecake again ?
So that would be a short salted caramel mocha and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Chandra Wilson ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Paul Reiser ! Would you like to have a short raspberry lemonade and a granola bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Chandra ! Would you like a tall iced cordusio and an egg sandwich again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Billy Campbell ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a granola bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced coffee mocha and a chicken and pesto panini . Is that right ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Hello , Maisie Williams ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Lyndsy Fonseca ! Would you like to have a short iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Jessica Biel ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee americano and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Hello , Ron Perlman ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Melissa ! Would you like a tall salted caramel mocha and a strawberry cheesecake again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Kristen ! Would you like a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Lindsay ! Would you like a tall chai tea latte and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Shelley Hennig ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a PBJ sandwich again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande bottle of water and a yogurt parfait again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Todd Bridges ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee mocha again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea and a fruit mix again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte and a vegan wrap again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Carey ! Would you like a grande pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced caramel macchiato and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Hayden Christensen ! Would you like to have a tall iced coffee americano and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato again ?
Hello , Melissa Rauch ! Would you like to have a tall cinnamon latte again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Gina Bellman ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a salted caramel brownie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Danai ! Would you like a short lemonade and a dark chocolate bar again ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a tall iced pumpkin spice chai latte again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a grande iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl again ?
Hello , Owen Wilson ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced pumpkin spice latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a vegetable sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Robert Downey Jr . ! Would you like to have a short iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Hello , Busy Philipps ! Would you like to have a tall iced caramel macchiato and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Carey Mulligan ! Would you like to have a short iced coffee mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Bradley Cooper ! Would you like to have a tall pumpkin spice latte and a chocolate brownie again ?
Hello , Emma Thompson ! Would you like to have a tall chai tea latte again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande soy latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande pumpkin spice latte and a chocolate brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a grande iced cinnamon dolce latte and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a grande chai tea latte and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a tall raspberry lemonade and a yogurt parfait again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a grande soy latte and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a tall iced cinnamon dolce latte and a lemon cheesecake again ?
Hello , Olga Kurylenko ! Would you like to have a grande iced coffee americano and a yogurt parfait again ?
So that would be a tall soy latte and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall lemonade and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Alexander Skarsgard ! Would you like to have a short cinnamon latte again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Christian .
I thought you looked familiar , Christian ! Would you like a tall iced cordusio again ?
Hello , Steve Carell ! Would you like to have a grande iced cordusio and a dark chocolate bar again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Rupert ! Would you like a tall iced cordusio and a cheese toastie again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Emma ! Would you like a grande pumpkin spice latte again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Paul ! Would you like a short pumpkin spice latte again ?
So that would be a grande iced coffee mocha and a vegan wrap . Is that right ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a short salted caramel mocha and a vegan wrap again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short peach iced tea and a PBJ sandwich . Is that right ?
Hello , Josh Hutcherson ! Would you like to have a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced salted caramel mocha and a lemon cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short soy latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a tall soy latte and a raspberry cheesecake . Is that right ?
So that would be a short iced cinnamon dolce latte and a salted caramel brownie . Is that right ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall strawberry lemonade and a vegan wrap again ?
Hello , Garrett Hedlund ! Would you like to have a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Lyndsy .
I thought you looked familiar , Lyndsy ! Would you like a short iced latte macchiato again ?
I thought you looked familiar , Josh ! Would you like a grande iced salted caramel mocha again ?
Hello , Mark Feuerstein ! Would you like to have a tall iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Victor Garber ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and an egg sandwich again ?
So that would be a short raspberry lemonade and a granola bar . Is that right ?
Hello , Rupert Grint ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a cheese toastie again ?
So that would be a grande iced latte macchiato and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Hello , Jesse Williams ! Would you like to have a short bottle of water again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall peach iced tea again ?
So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a cinnamon swirl . Is that right ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced caramel macchiato and a white chocolate cheesecake . Is that right ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a grande iced pumpkin spice chai latte and a milk chocolate bar again ?
Sure ! So that would be a grande iced pumpkin spice latte and a fruit mix . Is that right ?
Hello , Danai Gurira ! Would you like to have a short pumpkin spice latte and a white chocolate cheesecake again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Maisie .
I thought you looked familiar , Maisie ! Would you like a grande iced cordusio and a tomato and mozzarella panini again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a short strawberry lemonade and a vegetable sandwich again ?
Hello , Scott Caan ! Would you like to have a grande cinnamon latte and a cheese toastie again ?
Hello , Eric Dane ! Would you like to have a grande chai tea latte again ?
Hello , Kit Harington ! Would you like to have a short iced caramel macchiato and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Sure ! So that would be a short soy latte and a yogurt parfait . Is that right ?
Hello , Beth Behrs ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a chicken and pesto panini again ?
Hello , Kat Graham ! Would you like to have a grande iced latte macchiato again ?
Hello , Sandra Bullock ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea again ?
Hello , Chris Messina ! Would you like to have a tall iced salted caramel mocha and a raspberry cheesecake again ?
Hello , Tina Fey ! Would you like to have a tall iced cordusio and a salted caramel brownie again ?
Let me see if I have any previous records of you , Bradley .
I thought you looked familiar , Bradley ! Would you like a short iced coffee mocha and a whole-grain feta sandwich again ?
Hello , Daniel Radcliffe ! Would you like to have a short peach iced tea and a cheese toastie again ?
